{% include navigation.html %}
### UCSD Extra Credit
The ucsd team talked about their computer vision and how to implement their computer vision in how it all gets put together into the computer vision server. They are all students at UCSD. What kinds of clubs helped them get into ucsd for computer science. He said that he is in cross country and track. Basically they have members from all different types of interdisciplinary studies in engineering and they come together. They came together to code and build up aerial systems like planes and autonomous flight systems. In order to test them they compete in competitions and they fly their planes in black mountain and riverside. They have to build up the planes so they can defy gravity and avoid hitting objects in the way basically the drone tries to identify the targets and avoid obstacles and they will have competitions in which they will receive rewards and funding for their work in aerial systems. It is difficult to get into school as a computer science major but it is for anyone who wants to learn and apply aerial systems and learn more about how computer science is interdisciplinary and can be applied in many systems. They need people to design and create the plane and also to code the parts and test it. 


### SD STEM

The sd stem startups speaker talked about innovation within the nail bot. Although she does not have a computer science degree she talked about prototyping her nail bot, an idea that she developed in college. She wanted to have a nail art maker for little girls and that was her start up idea. She had to work collaboratively with others in order to start her career. First she failed many times and was often left poor with no idea what to do next. Even though she has no background in coding. Through hard work and dedication she was able to secure a working prototype and hire a team. She is a true entrepreneur and some challenges she felt is that people often came off her wrong because they thought she was being too outgoing or they did not like her personality. Although I thought she was a bit harsh with our class when they were a bit wild, that may have helped her in getting the deals she wanted to get. The nail bot worked it in the printer where you would scan or pick from the designs she had and it would print on your nail. I think that it is a super cool concept. Pree also said that you shouldn't give up if you want to be an entrepreneur and she said that you also have to believe in yourself in order to make your dreams come true.   

